
I have been a catalyst for it, and look for it by affecting teams.

My path to changes 
Real change is about doing; it's about dreaming.  It's about transforming, and it's about people.


Real change is possible because of people - generally, building teams, specifically using best practices and aligning values, and leadership,....
Real change is about people, it's about aligning, empowering, and building...teams.
As a generalist, I switch hats often, but these days I am about building teams.  
Real change happens when you build teams
As a generalist, 

I try to be a catalyst for that change by affecting people.

I have seen 



I have extensive experience coaching software development teams across several industries, introducing agile best practices and values, and leading my teams to deliver working software.

In my 10 years as a software developer, team lead, coach, and facilitator, I have seen and been a part of real change.

I am passionate 

Transformative change is affected through people, with leadership, shared values, and excellence.

I believe that leadership is about service and two-way trust.  I believe that integrity and passion are contagious, and I try to model my beliefs.

----


I believe that real change comes from leadership, shared trust, and people working together.



My 10 years as a software developer, team lead, coach, and facilitator, have been about aligning people, building teams, and creating value.

I have extensive experience coaching software development teams across many industries, introducing agile best practices and values, and leading my teams to deliver working software.

I believe that leadership is about service and two-way trust.  I believe that integrity and passion are contagious, and I try to model my beliefs.




I have come to value people, something and doing.


I am passionate 

Transformative change is affected through people, with leadership, shared values, and excellence.


----

I am fucking awesome at building teams, and that's how you change the world.

----






In my free time, I dance.  In this world, I am an organizer, a DJ, and occasional teacher.

am a dancer.  In this world I organi active member of the blue dance community where I dance, or
Jeremy is a dancer in his free time.  In the blues dance community, he is an organizer, dj, and occasional teacher; I also co-founded a non-profit to support and grow seattle's blues dance community.

People are important.  This truth has shaped my 10 years as a software developer, team lead, coach, and facilitator.

He specializes in building teams through coaching, facilitation, and process improvement.

Jeremy brings ... to the table.

Process consulting / coaching development teams in Agile processes.  He believes in enabling, and coaches teams from within, as a team member...

I value ...


.  He is also responsible for  teaches, djs, hosts co-founded a non-profit to support and grow the seattle blues community

 com co-founded a seattle non-profit around dance...

Jeremy spends his free time dancing blues and growing 


  You need to know that I am a generalist and I like to solve problems.  I have had so many different titles and responsibilities through my career because given a situation I see what needs to be done and do it.
  I've worked and started so many open source projects because some problems are small have have technical solutions.
  And my focus is turning more and more toward building teams, because that's how you solve the more important problems.

  You need to know that not only am I a doer, I am a dreamer.  I chase the ideal, I believe in win-win, and I am a peacemaker.  I get away with this because integrity &amp; passion are contagious.  Tempered with respect, they will earn you trust.

  You need to know that in a team, I am a leader and a peacemaker.  I lead by enabling, empowering, and serving.  I believe that integrity and passion are contagious.  And I believe that it's all about trust, and that to get trust, you have to give it.
